what about my training
went very good in mali
this time in a month
that he will not be rivals of Georgia
pretty he
turned out to be quite good
the last fight he produced in
categories sit kilo Sergey
babichev Belarus and
so let's say her robbery three rounds he
it can be said closed for happiness
the rest he was at home on equal terms
former champion of Europe
in category up to 59 km
yesterday we got a little one
weight conflict but it
nothing terrible, he became a little more than me
but
we are ready for this is not the first time Moscow time
and you can say that
in the opinion of the foot it is not time that everyone will start
by this
Brovary wednesday language show this
boxing minutes
I'm all popov liver
he specifically blocks st
I decided to stop but I see
climate recovered for chapters
more precisely the right cross on this ended
will be as you saw
and so
I want to say thanks to the coach
example olympus
thank you my wife therefore all the sores
cheer for her
would all kosovo be ready for anything
what was on the Maidan
but I will say that this is my opponent
incorrectly
acted towards me
can he really didn't know what height
categories should be
exactly to the network beeline although it is real on
live boxer today
and here it happened
what shall we say
I'm always ready
box
he became one and a half kilogram but more
four terms of which should be
strong but we said he
will be 1600 mother he became a little more now
fearfully
the word is all over
further we will try to
rivals were
but there were no weight problems
let's say
my promoters
said that he will be in every way 500 and he became
pesticides will die but this
I repeat once again it's okay
the fight went well in my favor
next fight I think it will be exactly
he also puts such
but they promise me that they will not fight
decommissioned Zhakiyanov hall
the title may come to life I don't know but just a century
this wretchedness is equal in my parties
any feet
I don't know who will be next I think that
probably there are dozens of her already on the tenth
another will
I already want
lead will still be visible canister
my dream can
exercise forget dynamo smartly
which I am very well prepared
mass media
so that everything will be fine, I would like statistics
martins here are all European champions in
this moment
yes I would be negative
desire system sergey
but it is not for me to decide honorary bronze
how the spectrum will tell everyone the bombs to roll